# coreykline.ninja
This repository will be used to host the files for my personal website at www.coreykline.ninja

###In Development

- Blog
- Projects
- Endorsements
    - applications
    - security
    - newsfeed
    - For Developers
    
- friends and family
    - login system
    - request system
    
    


##Blog

I am intending to implement a space to post articles(probably rants) that I've written about
various topics.  This space will consist of content driven pages, dynamically generated by either 
directory items or database entries.  I intend to be the sole author, it is my site after all.

##Projects

This site is the first of several projects that I am undertaking at the moment.  As I make significant
progress on any of these I will provide links and descriptions here.  Hopefully this will include
open source projects that I contribute to.

##Endorsements
I spend a lot of time trying different technologies in order to determine the best tools for my personal
use.  Here is where I will share my recommendations.  I have included newsfeed as a section because
it is still a recommendation on how I think you should use your time

##Friends and Family
This space is intended to be extremely limited in access.  For close friends and family I will provide a 
space for file sharing.  Users will be able to put in a request to the "request board"(likely database entries)
and any user will be able to fulfill the request by uploading a file that fulfills the requester's needs.
  